Set up tooling to generate a grnds patient FHIR profile [#162518665] (#5)
ConsultingMD/fhir: README.md

# FHIR protocol buffers

Forked from Google's implementation of protocol buffers for
FHIR. https://github.com/google/fhir

# Setup

Install [bazel 0.18.1](https://bazel.build/)

To build this repository, install [bazel](https://bazel.build/), and then run

```
$ bazel test //...
```

> Note: I ran into a problem where I had to update my "Command Line Tools for Xcode". Try that if you run into setup issues.

Reviewer: nit: suggest replacing the "I" statement with

```suggestion
Note: You may run into an odd Python-related problem claiming that certain Python packages aren't installed when they actually are. Try updating "Command Line Tools for Xcode" if you run into similar confusing issues.
```

# Usage

> Run `grnds/scripts/boil_the_gr_ocean.sh` to generate ALL protobuf files and FHIR StructureDefinitions needed for Grand Rounds. These will be generated based off the inputs in grnds/inputs. Your protos and structured definitions will be outtputed to grnds/outputs. You can then cp those files to your specific repo, and generated classes based off those proto files in your language of choice.

Reviewer: sorry i know this is nitpicky
```suggestion
Run `grnds/scripts/boil_the_gr_ocean.sh` to generate ALL protobuf files and FHIR `StructureDefinition`s needed for Grand Rounds. These will be generated from the inputs in grnds/inputs. Your protos and `StructureDefinition`s will be outputted to grnds/outputs. You can then cp those files to your specific repo, and generate classes from those proto files in your language of choice.
```
